---
title: "Services"
description: "iText Translation Agency is a leading provider of professional translations. We serve companies of all sizes. High-tech adaptable localization solutions, high translation volumes: we offer a wide range of translation services in 50 languages."
menu: true
menuFooter: true
---

::section-page-header
---
tagline: Translating Business Potential
title: Comprehensive Translation Services Tailored for Businesses
description: From technical manuals to crucial business contracts, our team ensures impeccable translation accuracy, maintaining the essence of your business communications. Elevate your global presence with iText
---
::

::section-detailed-service
---
title: Professionally-Crafted Translation Solutions for Your Enterprise
description: Discover our wide array of translation services, each designed with the intricacies of your business requirements in mind. With iText, you gain access to not only high-quality professional and specialized translations, but also to innovative solutions like process automation that streamline and enhance your business operations
services:
  - id: 1
    title: Professional Translations
    description: Leveraging the best of human expertise and cutting-edge technology, our Professional Translation service ensures high-quality translations for your business needs. Our skilled translators are proficient in various languages and industries, allowing us to deliver precise translations that preserve the original message and tone. Whether it's business contracts, marketing materials, or website content, you can trust us to provide accurate and timely translations
  - id: 2
    title: Specialized Translations
    description: Our Specialized Translation service offers industry-specific translations crafted by our expert linguists with specialized knowledge in various fields. From technical manuals and construction blueprints to legal contracts and scientific research, we ensure the highest level of accuracy and confidentiality. We recognize the unique challenges of industry-specific translations and have developed proven methodologies to handle the complexities and nuances involved
  - id: 3
    title: Process Automation
    description: Our Process Automation service revolutionizes how businesses manage their translation needs. Ideal for e-commerce sites, news portals, or any business with frequently updated content, this service automates the process of submitting content for translation. We use advanced API integration to connect with your system, enabling automatic translation submissions and deliveries. This streamlines your workflow, reduces turnaround times, and allows you to publish translated content faster
---
::

::section-process
---
tagline: Smooth Operations, Quality Outcomes
title: "From Request to Delivery: Our Workflow"
description: Our translation process has been meticulously designed to ensure high-quality results and a seamless experience for our clients. From the initial request to the final delivery, we prioritize clarity, efficiency, and accuracy
cards:
  - id: 1
    image: inbox.svg
    title: Request Submission
    description: "Initial Consultation & Document Submission: Share your translation needs and upload your documents using our secure platform. Our team evaluates your request, considering the specifics such as language pair, domain expertise required, and delivery deadlines"
  - id: 2
    image: task_list.svg
    title: Translation & Review
    description: "Expert Translation & Quality Assurance: Your documents are assigned to our expert translators with the appropriate specialization. Each translated document undergoes a rigorous review process to ensure accuracy, consistency, and high quality"
  - id: 3
    image: schedule.svg
    title: Delivery & Feedback
    description: "Final Delivery & Client Approval: We deliver the translated documents within the agreed timeline, ready for your review and feedback. We value client satisfaction and are open to revisions until you're completely satisfied with our work"
---
::

::section-faq
---
title: What Clients Often Ask
description: We've collected answers to your most common questions
faqs:
  - id: 1
    question: We have a large volume of materials to translate. Will you give a discount?
    answer: Yes, of course. We will definitely meet your needs and offer you the best price terms
  - id: 2
    question: We have an urgent translation. Will it cost more?
    answer: If we cooperate with your company permanently and on the basis of a contract, we do not charge for urgency. Otherwise, the translation will cost twice as much
  - id: 3
    question: Our company always pays after services are rendered. Is that how you work?
    answer: Yes, we are willing to grant payment terms of up to 60 calendar days, subject to contract
  - id: 4
    question: Do you provide documents for the accounting department?
    answer: Obligatory, we provide all documents in accordance with the legislation of the Republic of Kazakhstan - invoices and acts of completed works are sent to IS ESF.
  - id: 5
    question: Will you be able to notarize the translation of our documents?
    answer: Yes, we will definitely notarize your translation, provided you present the original document
---
::


::section-client-logo
---
description: A true partnership is two-way traffic - ideas and information flow openly and regularly based on mutual trust and respect for each other's expertise, and our clients embrace this philosophy
logos:
  - id: 1
    image: sulpak.webp
  - id: 2
    image: erg.svg
  - id: 3
    image: turkpa.svg
  - id: 4
    image: evooil.webp
  - id: 5
    image: pinup.svg
---
::

::section-testimonials
---
tagline: Voices of our Valued Customers
title: They are Thankful to Us
description: We make every effort to ensure that our clients are always satisfied with our services. Thanks to this we have earned a reputation as a reliable translation company. Find out what some of our previous clients say about our work and services
reviews:
  - id: 1
    avatar: client1.webp
    clientName: Kuanysh Bekzhanov
    clientPosition: Business Development Manager
    clientReview: With iText, we've found a reliable partner for all our translation needs, ensuring clarity and consistency across all languages
  - id: 2
    avatar: client2.webp
    clientName: Dana Kairatova
    clientPosition: Global Communications Manager
    clientReview: We trust iText for consistently accurate and professional translations. They've been a game-changer for our global communications
  - id: 3
    avatar: client3.webp
    clientName: Karlygash Kassymova
    clientPosition: Head of External Affairs
    clientReview: iText's dedication to quality translations has significantly boosted our global outreach. Truly commendable work
---
::

::section-cta
---
tagline: Speak the World's Language
title: Get Your Translation Quote Now
description: Unleash your business's potential across borders; start by getting a tailored quote today
buttonPrimaryText: Get a Quote
image: cta.svg
---
::